updating links (#210)
rstudio/education.rstudio.com: content/learn/expert/index.Rmd

- __Use Python in your analyses.__ Anyone who insists you must choose between R and Python for doing data science is creating a false choice. R offers an easy way to incorporate Python code in the [reticulate package](https://rstudio.github.io/reticulate). Sean Lopp's webinar, [*R, RStudio 1.2 & Python—a love story*](https://resources.rstudio.com/webinars/r-rstudio-1-2-amp-python-a-love-story-sean-lopp), demonstrates how easily developers can integrate Python code into their R workflows and walks through the development of a reticulated Shiny app.

> - __Try your hand at Tensorflow for deep learning.__ Posit hosts a web site dedicated to R and Tensorflow at [tensorflow.rstudio.com](https://tensorflow.rstudio.com), where you can learn how to use deep learning in your analyses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- __Try your hand at Tensorflow for deep learning.__ Posit hosts a website dedicated to R and TensorFlow at [tensorflow.rstudio.com](https://tensorflow.rstudio.com), where you can learn how to use deep learning in your analyses.
```

> J.J. Allaire and Francois Chollet have published a [*Deep Learning with R* book](https://www.amazon.com/Deep-Learning-R-Francois-Chollet/dp/161729554X) [-@chollet2018deep]. You can hear J.J. describe the philosophy behind the system in his [rstudio::conf 2019 video](https://www.rstudio.com/resources/videos/machine-learning-with-tensorflow-and-r/). For an quick overview of  resources for how to get started with deep learning in R, read [Sigrid Keydana's article](https://posit.co/blog/getting-started-with-deep-learning-in-r/) and subscribe to the [Posit AI blog](https://blogs.rstudio.com/ai/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
J.J. Allaire and Francois Chollet have published a [*Deep Learning with R* book](https://www.amazon.com/Deep-Learning-R-Francois-Chollet/dp/161729554X) [-@chollet2018deep]. You can hear J.J. describe the philosophy behind the system in his [rstudio::conf 2019 video](https://www.rstudio.com/resources/videos/machine-learning-with-tensorflow-and-r/). For a quick overview of resources for how to get started with deep learning in R, read [Sigrid Keydana's article](https://posit.co/blog/getting-started-with-deep-learning-in-r/) and subscribe to the [Posit AI blog](https://blogs.rstudio.com/ai/).
```
